Update README.md (#235)
EESSI/test-suite: CI/README.md

- `EESSI_VERSION` (optional): the version of the EESSI software stack you would like to be loaded & tested in the CI pipeline.
- `EESSI_TESTSUITE_URL` (optional): the URL that will be used to `git clone` the `EESSI/test-suite` repository. Typically this points to the official repository, but you may want to use another URL from a fork for development purposes. Default: `https://github.com/EESSI/test-suite.git`.
- `EESSI_TESTSUITE_VERSION` (optional): the version of the EESSI test-suite repository you want to use in the CI pipeline. Default: latest release.
- `EESSI_CONFIGS_TESTSUITE_URL` (optional): the URL that will be used to `git clone` the `test-suite/config` directory. Allows e.g. to use the tests from the latest release, but the configs from a feature branch in a different repository. Default: `EESSI_TESTSUITE_URL`.

> - `EESSI_CONFIGS_TESTSUITE_BRANCH` (optional): the branch that will be checkout out with `git clone` when checking out the `test-suite/config` directory. Allows e.g. to use the tests from the latest release, but the configs from the main branch. Default: `EESSI_TESTSUITE_VERSION`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `EESSI_CONFIGS_TESTSUITE_BRANCH` (optional): the branch that will be checked out when cloning the `test-suite/config` directory. Allows e.g. to use the tests from the latest release, but the configs from the main branch. Default: `EESSI_TESTSUITE_VERSION`.
```
